=No Pain No Gain=
(Adapted from the Qidian novel)
("Losing Money to Be a Tycoon"
by Qingshan Quzui)
=Episode 9=
(This story is purely fictional)
Hello?
Dad, Mom.
Son, where are you?
Your new house?
How's the renovation going?
Show us.
I'm in the new house.
Let me show you.
Look.
I'm getting ready
to renovate the house.
See, I told you.
It's a huge project.
It's going to take some time.
You know,
Uncle Ge and Aunt Zhang
came to annoy your dad today.
They said, "Your son
has bought a new house,
so why isn't he letting you move in?"
Your dad got so angry,
and his blood pressure shot high.
Don't listen to your mother.
I won't stoop to the same level as Ge.
I'm telling you,
I'm still exercising every day,
climbing up and down the stairs.
Later, I'm going
to take the trash out.
Look how healthy I am.
Right?
Dad, Mom, don't worry.
I will
get it done quickly
so you can move in soon.
Okay?
Son.
Don't worry about the house.
Don't worry about us.
Take care of yourself.
Don't over-exert yourself.
Yes.
Dad, Mom, I have work to do.
Bye.
Okay.
Sure.
Bye.
What did you tell him?
Why make him worry?
I need to branch out
to make more losses.
Go!
Save me!
Defend Mr. Ma!
I'm on a 12-kill streak!
I'm trying my best!
Go!
Sorry.
I'm a noob, sorry.
Start again.
It's okay.
Will you win for sure?
Dude, wait.
You're up next.
It's okay.
That's not a dude.
It's Mr. Pei.
- Hello, Mr. Pei!
- Hi, Mr. Pei!
Hello, everyone.
Come on.
You're not playing anymore
because the boss is here?
You cowards want to get involved
in venture capital?
Relax.
Mr. Pei is not the kind
of ordinary boss.
Sit down.
- Sit down.
- Just sit.
Introductions are in order.
These people are new recruits
for DreamForge Capital.
They're from the same college as ours.
Huang Wang,
1,830 points on the Summit Ranking.
Jiang Huan,
1,780 points on the Summit Ranking.
Amazing, right?
No need to introduce the rest.
I've read your resumes.
All of you couldn't receive
any offers, right?
The counselor told me
to help these juniors
fulfill their dreams.
So, I decided
to let them join.
Ma Yang.
You're getting into the groove,
but you're neglecting
a crucial problem.
Everyone woke up early
to play games with Mr. Ma.
This can cause work-related injuries.
Everyone.
After work, you can claim five skins
as your reward.
Great!
Five skins?
Tang Yishu?
Tang?
Mr. Pei.
You...
What happened to you?
Nothing.
I slipped and fell.
(Tang Yishu,)
(my college junior.)
(Goddess of Bad Luck)
(On the day she graduated,)
(Expert in Silence)
(she lost her graduation degree.)
(On the day of her exam,
she lost her exam slip.)
(Three years since she graduated,
she's never found a job.)
Take care.
Ma Yang.
I'm telling you.
You did a great job
recruiting Tang.
She's going to be
our guardian spirit in DreamForge.
Okay.
Get her to do a full body checkup.
Sure.
Qian.
Well, the counselor said we don't need
to hire all of them.
Do you think
there are too many people here?
You couldn't find
a job back then, either.
Did that stop you from becoming
my most trusted partner?
They're all talented.
Okay.
Nurture them.
Sure.
Friends!
One more round!
Nice!
- One more round!
- Come on!
Hi, Mr. Pei.
This is Bao Xu.
I'm in Italy.
Take a look.
Mr. Pei, this is Bao Xu.
I'm in Spain.
Take a look.
Mr. Pei, this is Bao Xu.
I'm in France.
Please confirm.
Mr. Pei, this is Bao Xu.
I'm in the US.
He's snatching my phone!
Bao Xu, are you okay?
(Typing...)
Bao Xu.
I won't forget your sacrifice.
Mr. Pei.
You're finally free.
No...
I just need five minutes.
Five minutes.
According to your demands,
you want a soulslike game
that combines core mechanics
with ancient poetry.
I thought about it.
When the gamers fight,
during the anticipation period,
they can attack by shouting
matching poetry lines.
Take a look.
You...
managed
to think of this?
Does this meet your expectations?
Yes.
Why not?
It's all thanks to you
for making me compile
a list of failed games
in the past.
I did some research and got inspired.
It seems that adding
elements of ancient poetry
is feasible.
Mr. Pei.
What's wrong?
My leg hurts.
Your leg hurts?
Lin Wan.
In a soulslike game,
we should set the difficulty
to Hell Mode.
Make games like Elden Ring
feel irrelevant
in front of this game.
We need to
make it the best game ever.
Of course.
Please tell me more
about the difficulty level.
So, how many players do you think
should be eliminated
in early-game boss battles?
Let's set it to...
99...
99.99%.
99.9999%.
Yeah.
99.9999%
of our players
won't be hindered
by the difficulty level.
We need to believe in our players.
They are capable
of overcoming these hurdles.
Set the difficulty as great as you can.
I'll work on the specifics myself.
Are you serious?
Of course.
We can even add
a mocking system.
A mocking system?
Yes.
This will be an exclusive
interaction between us
and the players.
You see.
When it's game over for the players,
our system
will mock them
ruthlessly
to improve the immersive experience.
This will be a paid game,
but let's set the refund period
as long as possible.
Also, set a reminder
so that the players
can refund on time.
Will this really work?
Of course.
This game
shall be called
Returning to Shore.
Not a single reader.
Not a single reader at all.
Huang, don't worry.
Our web fiction company has just begun.
It's always tough at the start.
We're not getting any views at all.
I'm carrying a heavy responsibility.
I feel like I'm letting Mr. Pei down.
I don't even deserve
a nice office like this.
Huang.
A veteran writer
named Russell once said,
if you think your work is important,
it's a sign that you're going mad.
You need to enjoy.
Look.
This office that Mr. Pei rented for you
fits your style.
Huang.
Don't be anxious.
Mr. Pei's wacky ideas
may deter readers at first.
I've given much thought about it.
Our unconventional ideas
may not be able to satisfy
Mr. Pei's demands for innovation.
We need to make it
more unconventional than ever.
So, I wrote something like that.
I wanted to see
whether this trailblazing writing style
would ever work.
In the end...
Not a single reader.
Huang, you're writing web fiction too?
Show me.
Well...
It's embarrassing.
A litterateur in the making, Huang?
Huang.
That's an interesting pseudonym.
(A Survey Report on Wage Slaves)
Ma Dubiao?
You can read that? Impressive.
What a weird name.
It's a username I created
in my last job.
It's close to my heart.
Someone's reading it after all.
You have a message from him.
(You have a message from Niu Yanben)
How do you read that?
Niu Yanben.
You know a lot of words.
Huang, why do you look like
you've found your soulmate?
Let's see what he wrote.
Hello, Mr. Ma Dubiao.
I am a novelist
and ghostwriter.
I'm not earning much.
I'm about to lose faith,
but after reading your work,
I felt the same way
and got motivated.
Even though no one's
reading your work, just like mine,
please don't give up.
Let's continue writing
and have faith in our talents.
It's so hard to be a writer.
I guess that's why
Mr. Pei wanted to create
Zhongdian Web Fiction,
so that he could protect
these grassroots writers.
What a visionary.
Send me your account details.
I'll transfer some money to you...
Huang.
Instead of giving him a fish,
why not teach him how to fish?
Let him join Zhongdian Web Fiction.
That makes sense.
Huang.
I have an idea
about our web fiction company.
(Shenhua International)
(DreamForge Capital)
Qian.
These projects aren't working out,
are they?
Ma Yang.
I've always known
that the investment market
is full of odds,
but I didn't expect
it also has so many...
Talents.
Regarding investment,
you should talk to Ms. Xin.
She has a keen eye in investment.
If she sees these projects,
she'd say,
"These projects are too early-stage."
Early-stage?
"Do you have something
that's more complete,
that can be implemented right away?"
Right away?
There is.
As society develops,
public telephone booths
have been disused,
abandoned
and even destroyed.
This is a huge crack
in cultural continuity,
causing precious memories to fade,
and a painful phenomenon
amid development.
I shall
combine vending machines
and phone booths
to create
a vending machine
designed like a phone booth.
With art,
we shall reshape everyone's aesthetics.
With nostalgia,
we shall recall everyone's memories.
With convenience,
we shall change everyone's lives.
Parallel sentences.
He must have
at least graduated from middle school.
From what I heard,
it's just a vending machine, right?
I'm telling you.
This may be a small project,
but it sounds good.
It's good?
Let's think about it first.
Ma Yang.
If it's something
everyone looks out for,
that's crowdfunding.
Taking risks
is the future.
How much
do you want us to invest?
200,000 yuan.
200...
2.4 meters high.
Made of steel.
Lacquered with spray paint.
Exquisite retro handles.
Wooden flooring.
It'd cost around 100,000 yuan to build.
Other than that,
we'd also need money
for the booth interior.
So, 200,000 yuan.
Well, go back and think
about what else
you can add inside the booth.
We'll start mass production
as soon as possible.
We'll flood the streets of Jinchuan
with your booths.
Okay.
I'll do my best.
I won't let you down, Mr. Fei...
It's Mr. Pei.
I won't let you down, Mr. Pei.
Now,
let us sign
a strategic cooperation agreement.
If you have any good projects
and ideas in mind,
you must present them
to DreamForge Capital.
(Project: Genius Inventor
Reason for Pass: Loss Guaranteed)
(Tengda Games)
Other than the phone booth project,
Xin Hailu rejected every other one.
As long as Zhang Wang is around,
loss is guaranteed.
Then there's Ma Yang.
With two of them around,
disaster is imminent.
Speaking of Ma Yang,
if anyone else loses money,
you might see it as a betrayal.
But if it's Ma Yang,
you'd think it's an honest mistake.
Only Ma Yang can attract
people like Zhang Wang.
Our phone booth project
is guaranteed to lose money.
DreamForge Capital
has infinite potential.
M&Y is still ruthlessly profiting,
but the private restaurant
is consistently losing money,
while Returning to Shore is on hiatus.
Zhongdian Web Fiction is bound to fail.
In conclusion, our prospects
are bright and optimistic.
Look.
What's wrong...
What's wrong with Mr. Pei?
(How to lose money: Staff management,
Venture Capital, Games, Zhongdian Web Fiction)
(When you teach
at Washington University,)
(you can enjoy the view of Mt. Rainier.)
(Therefore,)
(many professors)
(are willing to give up
better opportunities)
(just to work here.)
(This is the Rainier effect.)
(It means)
(a company can create)
(a conducive work environment)
(to satisfy its employees'
emotional needs)
(in order to retain talent.)
Mr. Pei, you wanted to see me?
What is it?
You're the one who said
you had something to discuss.
I remember now.
Lately, I found out that an employee
is secretly working overtime.
What does this mean?
It means they're stressed out.
We can't ignore our staff's well-being.
Ms. Xin, you see.
Our employees are introverts.
They have no social life.
At this rate,
their lives would be affected.
I suggest that we hold
a matchmaking event
to create a platform
that breaks social boundaries
and improves team building.
Mr. Pei, you want them to fall in love
so that they get distracted
from work, right?
How could you think so badly of me?
It's just that Zhongdian Web Fiction
is finally off the ground,
so I wanted to let everyone
get to know one another.
They're all single.
This would help them work better, too.
Fine, I understand.
According to
Chapter 126, No. 72,
such events may not last
for more than a day.
No problem.
Ms. Xin.
If you're free,
you can join, too.
Do I look like I need matchmaking?
Zhongdian Web Fiction authors
and Tengda Games employees'
first-ever matchmaking event
officially begins!
Actually, this event
is meant to encourage everyone
to use your working hours
to solve your personal issues.
So, don't get stressed out.
If things don't work out,
at least you met a new friend.
If it's a match,
we will cover
all your wedding costs!
Good luck, everyone!
- Thank you, Mr. Pei!
- Thanks, Mr. Pei!
Come on.
Introduce yourselves.
Let's start with you.
Okay.
Hello.
I'm Cui Geng,
pen name...
No.
Introduce your name in the board game.
I'm the Beauty.
Mr. Pei.
This seat is for you.
Lin Wan, look.
It's a matchmaking event,
but now
everyone's either playing games
or talking about work.
I can't feel love in the air.
(Roses and you spell romance)
Did you tell me
that Returning to Shore is almost done?
Yes.
Mr. Pei, you said we shouldn't
discuss work, right?
Yes.
No discussing work.
Hello. Let me add you on WeChat.
Hello. Your WeChat.
Excuse me for a while.
Ma Yang is almost
losing control of himself.
I need to stop him.
Okay.
Mr. Pei!
What are you doing?
I'm socializing.
Hello.
You must be Lin Wan,
Tengda Games' game planner.
Yes, I am.
I am
a contract writer
in Zhongdian Web Fiction,
The Smart Idiot.
Hello.
Were you on a date with Mr. Pei?
No.
It's okay. I saw you
telling Mr. Pei off.
No.
Actually, I admire
a girl with grit and perseverance.
I've been into poetry since young.
You like poetry too?
Whether it's sonnets or limericks,
I've written some impressive ones.
What is he doing?
One of them is about a beauty.
It suits you well.
Let me read it out for you.
"Hold my hand..."
Excuse me.
We have work to do.
Saving a damsel in distress?
Hao Qiong?
Why are you here, all alone?
Yeah.
Sibo, if you're not busy,
you can sit here
and talk to me.
No, I still need
to check on everyone.
Well,
I'll get you a bright young fellow.
No.
Let's see...
Huang, over here.
Bo.
Come on.
He's a fine lad.
Sit down.
Have fun chatting.
Have fun.
(Hu Yue, Zhongdian Web Fiction writer)
Hu...
Yue?
You're on the list,
so why aren't you joining everyone?
I signed up because I thought
it was compulsory.
Actually, I don't do well
in events like this.
I get it.
Me too. That's why I asked Mr. Pei
to let me decorate the site.
It's okay.
If you don't like it,
just stay here and read.
It's okay.
Okay.
That's a lot of food.
Sorry to trouble you.
Not at all.
I'm hungry too.
Here.
Thanks.
I remember your name.
You seem to be new here.
How is it?
I've been writing novels,
but I don't have a lot of readers,
so I was about to give up.
Then, a writer from Zhongdian
encouraged me,
and I decided to join.
I thought I could learn something,
but I haven't done any real work.
My first task
is to join this matchmaking event.
Your boss is so weird.
That's not it.
Mr. Pei
is worried that we don't have time
for dating,
so he created this event.
Mr. Pei is a great boss.
He's concerned
that our work would affect
our social lives.
Anyway, he cares for his employees.
You don't believe me, right?
It took me some time to realize
that Tengda is a dream factory
for employees.
I feel like
I'm brainwashing myself.
It's okay. You'll understand in time.
You said
a writer from Zhongdian
encouraged you?
He's a nice guy.
He replied to my messages
and motivated me.
Also,
he writes about the working people,
and it's very realistic.
I suspect
he must have been a corporate mule
to be able to write that.
Is that so?
What's
his name?
He's got a cute name.
An unusual one.
Ma Dubiao.
An amazing name.
(You're welcome to join
Zhongdian Web Fiction.)
(Message from Niu Yanben)
(Perhaps this may help you.)
(You may contact)
(the person-in-charge,)
(Ma Dubiao.)
So, your username is?
It's a cool name, too.
It's
Niu Yanben.
(Shared Phone Booth)
What is this?
A phone booth?
Pay to enter?
So expensive?
20 yuan for 10 minutes?
What a rip-off.
Darling, look.
What is this?
A phone booth?
Scan to pay?
20 yuan?
What's inside?
Isn't this a phone booth?
I don't see a phone.
Let's go.
Dumb ideas are everywhere.
Good booth.
Good work in losing money.
Keep it up.
When I earn big,
I'll give you a makeover.
(Shared Phone Booth)
Great location.
Not a single shared bike around.
Time to upgrade my transportation.
(Jinchuan Automobiles)
I hope he buys it,
or else I'm getting fired.
Boss.
Boss?
Well,
what do you think of the car?
It's a nice car.
I think
I'll take this.
Get the invoice ready.
Mr. Pei.
You were just browsing earlier,
so I didn't remind you
that, according to Chapter 12, No. 76,
you may only purchase
business cars for office use.
Racecars?
No.
Why can't I get a racecar?
This car
represents our company's image.
When I drive a racecar,
our partners
would trust me more.
I'm afraid racecars
can't convince everyone
that you are a mature businessman.
How is a racecar immature?
Look.
Look at
the huge bonnet.
And this.
The rear wing.
And the door.
And this practical base.
How is it immature?
Buying a car doesn't even meet
our requirements in the first place.
I only approved it
because you insisted
it was for business.
If you keep using our money
for personal gain,
I'll add another clause
that stops you from buying cars.
You...
I'm telling you,
you don't have
to be harsh on me, Ms. Xin.
Let me make this clear.
If I can't buy this car, I...
I...
Boss.
Why don't you look at...
(Jinchuan Automobiles)
That car?
That car is almost
similar to this racecar
in terms of functionality.
You're right.
I'll buy that car, then.
Really?
Thank you, boss!
I'll do anything
to make this deal work!
You don't have to...
Thank you!
It's okay.
Here...
Who's still working at this hour?
Outrageous!
Lin Wan!
Mr. Pei?
What brings you here?
Didn't I get Wu Sheng and Wu Xi
to cancel your overtime permission?
How did you get in?
I asked the security guard to let me in.
Impossible.
Why would they let you in?
It's not like your family
owns the building...
(Shenhua Property)
Lin Wan.
As a rich kid,
you should behave like one.
I've already approved your leave,
so why are you still coming to work?
You need to get rid of your bad habit
of working overtime,
got it?
Repent.
I've already completed the proposal,
which you haven't approved.
So, I wanted to improve it.
No, I...
I didn't approve it
because I...
Because I'm too busy lately.
Your proposal is more than enough.
So, you think my proposal
is good enough?
Yes, it is.
Is that an okay from you?
Can Lv and I proceed?
Yes.
But,
proceed slowly.
Slow and steady wins the race.
The graphics and mechanics
have to be on par...
No.
They have to exceed top-tier games.
Okay.
Before that,
follow me.
Where are we having a meeting?
(Xingniao Gym)
Back then, I let you work overtime
to work on the list.
Now that it's done,
it's back to no overtime.
If you need to use up your energy,
come to the gym
every day
after work.
Okay, got it.
I'm telling you,
I checked the records.
You've never used
our entertainment facilities
during work.
You've also never been to the gym,
even though we paid for your membership.
This is the closest gym to the office.
You're not paying attention to rest.
Health is not a trivial issue.
Look how weak you are...
Don't worry.
I just want
to speed up our project.
My health is fine.
Well,
if you're so healthy,
did your parents raise you
to work overtime in Tengda?
So,
from now on, take a photo
whenever you go to the gym.
Send it to me.
Okay.
Is it that light?
(Tengda)
Self-made amphibious refrigerator.
Semi-automatic wooden fish beater.
Automatic three-handed arm
to flick three foreheads at once,
perfect for families with three kids?
Are these product ideas
from Zhang Wang?
Yes.
They're awesome.
I love them all.
I can't even choose a favorite.
Yeah.
But it won't be easy to get
Ms. Xin's approval.
You know, she's too old-fashioned.
Why do we need her approval?
She doesn't have dreams.
All she does is roll her eyes.
(Lin Wan)
Mr. Pei,
I'm not trying to skip gym,
but the gym has closed down.
(Lin Wan)
Come on, Mr. Pei.
You don't trust me at all?
You had to video call me to confirm?
No.
I believe in you.
I just wanted to confirm
if the gym has closed down for good?
(Xingniao Gym)
Look.
I called them to ask.
They said their membership fees
couldn't compete
with nearby gyms,
and their members
don't have time for exercise.
They've been losing a lot of members.
The only steady source they had
was from Tengda.
Is that true?
They don't have other clients?
It's true.
Got it.
Don't slack off, though.
Go home and rest.
(Tengda Games)
Just because the gym is closed
doesn't mean you can slack off and work.
Okay.
The signal here is bad.
I need to end this call.
Ma Yang.
This is your opportunity
to become a god-tier investor.
Why are you getting so hyped up
after a video call?
Why pull my shirt like that?
(Perpetual Fitness Club)
Hello.
Want to know more
about our swimming program?
(Steely Gym)
(Lift to Second Floor Commercial Street)
Hello. Want to know more
about our swimming program?
Swimming...
Hello.
Do you want to know
more about our swimming program?
(Perpetual Fitness Club)
Thank you.
(Steady Fitness Club)
Want to know more...
It's an all-out price war.
So much competition here.
(Xingniao Gym)
No wonder Xingniao Gym closed down.
Hello.
Want to know more about swimming...
Swimming...
How did she manage to make
everyone ignore her?
Want to know more
about our swimming program?
That's the kind of talent
I'm looking for.
How lucky.
Swimming...
Want to get a gym membership?
15% off for new members.
Weren't you working in the car shop?
You're the boss
who bought a car from me!
Hi!
You're not selling cars anymore?
Why are you distributing fliers here?
My sales record didn't make the cut,
so I got fired.
You didn't make the cut?
You just sold a car two days ago, right?
That's the only car I've sold.
Understood.
Are you interested
in a new job?
Moonlight brushes the balcony awake
Clouds drift in,
leaving things unclear
All the glitter fades and slips away
Shadows mingle, falling into line
Laughter keeps on ringing
The wind starts to rise
Even the stars seem to sigh
Neon lights gather round to watch
Careful not to
turn my dreams into sails
Let courage push
the waves back from the bay
The galaxy
shimmers as the city dims
Leaving me standing here alone
Who overturned the fairytale boat
The night breeze wavers,
restless and tired
Dark clouds spread across the shore
A quiet hope lifts a tiny sail
The sea I dreamed of
is nowhere in sight
Only waiting
Glows on the far-off shore
Even stranded light
can still feel warm
Become a lighthouse
and shine brighter
Just another return to land
No longer afraid of being alone
This is my fairytale boat